I don't blame you.
If you don't have the ability, you have to come and die
Stop thinking about it and brag
Dad?
I shouldn't have told you to come and save him
Now it's killing your father
Don't talk about Xiaolong, it's also our Ye family's business
Master Zhou, can we have a good talk?
Talk about how to talk
You just let them go
You name a price.
Let me make a price.
Yes, I am a businessperson.
I believe all business can be negotiated.
Then you can give me your Tianqiang Group.
What, you are too teacher-speak
Tianqiang Group can't be put on the sky
If you don't want to
Then wait for the ninth master to kill you
It's not that I don't want to
This Tianqiang Group belongs to the entire industry
I only have 51 shares
Then your 51% pure stock is good
Then you put your house
Do you think I'm a fool?
Sign the agreement first and then let me go
Then prepare the agreement
Dad, don't promise him